aws-k8s: pass `--hostname-override` to kubelet, set it to inst. `PrivateDnsName` for k8s-1.26 (#3033)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

* `settings.kubernetes.cluster-dns-ip`: Derived from the EKS Service IP CIDR or the CIDR block of the primary network interface.
* `settings.kubernetes.max-pods`: The maximum number of pods that can be scheduled on this node (limited by number of available IPv4 addresses)
* `settings.kubernetes.hostname-override`: The node name kubelet uses as identification instead of the hostname or the name determined by the in-tree cloud provider if that's enabled.

  **Important note for all Kubernetes variants:** Changing this setting at runtime (not via user-data) can cause issues with kubelet registration, as hostname is closely tied to the identity of the system for both registration and certificates/authorization purposes.

>   Most users don't need to change this setting. If left unset, the system hostname will be used instead. The `settings.network.hostname` setting can be used to specify the value for both `kubelet` and the host. Only set this override if you intend for the `kubelet` to register with a different name than the host.

Reviewer: Nit: shouldn't each sentence be its own line?

* `settings.kubernetes.cluster-dns-ip`: Derived from the EKS Service IP CIDR or the CIDR block of the primary network interface.
* `settings.kubernetes.max-pods`: The maximum number of pods that can be scheduled on this node (limited by number of available IPv4 addresses)

> * `settings.kubernetes.hostname-override`: The node name kubelet uses as identification instead of the hostname or the name determined by the in-tree cloud provider if that's enabled. **Note:** This is currently only automatically generated in `aws-k8s-1.26` variants and set to the private DNS name of the EC2 instance and left unset for all other K8s variants.

Reviewer 2: I think it would be helpful to add a little information about if/how this overlaps with `settings.network.hostname`, as well as scenarios when someone may want/need to use this setting.

Also, so we don't have to change it later, we could say something like:
`This setting is currently automatically generated for `aws-k8s-1.26` and later variants; it is set to the private DNS name of the EC2 instance.  For `aws-k8s-1.25` and earlier variants, it is unset.`

Author: > I think it would be helpful to add a little information about if/how this overlaps with settings.network.hostname, as well as scenarios when someone may want/need to use this setting.

> about if/how this overlaps with settings.network.hostname

It does not overlap, and adding that might just be more confusing. 

I think the existing prose is sufficient. It really is just the node name kubelet uses to register itself. I'm wary about adding too much to these passthrough settings to kubelet since users can find the documentation for what it exactly does in kubelet.

Reviewer 3: I agree with Zac. On a quick glance, `settings.network.hostname` and `settings.kubernetes.hostname-override` may seem related (if not directly correlated). A note on how they relate (or don't relate) would be ideal.

> * `settings.kubernetes.hostname-override`: The node name kubelet uses as identification instead of the hostname or the name determined by the in-tree cloud provider if that's enabled. This *does not* override the `network.hostname` setting in any way, shape, or form. This is purely for configuring kubelet. **Note:** This is currently only automatically generated in `aws-k8s-1.26` variants and set to the private DNS name of the EC2 instance and left unset for all other K8s variants.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* `settings.kubernetes.hostname-override`: The node name kubelet uses as identification instead of the hostname or the name determined by the in-tree cloud provider if that's enabled.

**Important note for all Kubernetes variants:** Changing this setting at runtime (not via user data) can cause issues with kubelet registration, as hostname is closely tied to the identity of the system for both registration and certificates/authorization purposes.

Most users don't need to change this setting. If left unset, the system hostname will be used instead. The `settings.network.hostname` setting can be used to specify the value for both `kubelet` and the host. Only set this override if you intend for the `kubelet` to register with a different name than the host.

For `aws-k8s-1.26` variants, which use the "external" cloud provider, a hostname override will be automatically generated by querying the EC2 API for the private DNS name of the instance. This is done for backwards compatibility with the deprecated "aws" cloud provider, which adjusted the hostname in a similar way. Future `aws-k8s-*` variants may remove this behavior.
```
